[Music]
in times of all the world was full of
wonder and magic but times change
morning mom hey birthday boy by the laws
of your I must dub thee a man today
kneel before me that's okay I have a
gift from your dad he said to give you
this when you were both over sixteen no
it's a wizard step dad was a wizard what
your dad was an accountant
this spell brings him back for one whole
day dad will be back what Zack way back
to life that's not possible it is with
this I'm gonna meet dad
[Music]
ah hisses legs
I remember dad having a top part Oh what
did I do
hi we only have 24 hours to bring the
rest of him back until then oh hey Dad
you look just like I remember
[Music]
what a problem shame
adventure you seek you come to the right
time
Oh
we might be out of gas but it says we
have a full tank that doesn't work
growth spell we grow the can and then
the gas inside will grow with it
elbows up
the can is huge and the fan is huge and
your Oh
[Music]